anne nor jorge will not teach a theater
One day they think zig zag
Look how pretty she wants you
learn well with us
hello girls how can you understand me
I was pregnant with the girl and I'm
editing and putting voice to you now
good for making super braid hairstyles
beautiful
you need to separate a wick from the
front of your head like this.
separating this hair is important hair
be at ease to give it all
right good looks the deal should stay
very well, you use the cable of a
comb now you will separate in 4 mexes
more or less of the same thickness
hairstyle may seem a little difficult
but it 's not just having a little bit of
patience
now we have four strands in our hands
You'll get the tip to go over
the next underneath the other and above
of the other
O father in the order there is two in the middle.
you pass over one another and go
do the same thing here is there in
tip you will go over underneath
and now over
Then you go over and so I tried
show you the right one
half passes over one another always
the middle you pass the right hand
over the left hand and is doing
this looks goes over underneath by
top
Then you get the two middle moves.
passes from the right hand over the hand
left
so once again let's see how it does not
It's difficult after you pick up the pace.
you do it easily and it gets super
It's beautiful, this hairstyle is one
incredible visual and you're doing it
always the way I taught it above
looks down and over
Then you'll have two moves in the
half passes from the right hand over the
table of the left hand over
down over two little marches in the middle
You will pass from the right hand over
of the left hand and will do the same
thing until the end of your hair you
can
on one side only on both sides you can
use this technique and make one
a part of the hair make behind leaving
on top of your hair so you
can use your creativity can do
in medium hair in long hair in
children and adolescents in adults to
school college day to day work
so there's a hairstyle there for all
Occasions when it's over, you'll do it.
that way I taught you to repeat
several times until the end when it arrives
in the end you have some middle moves
and goes pulling thus pushing the hair
the braid up and goes straight
Look, it looks super gorgeous, you?
fasten with grampinho is ready if you
liked did not like me does not stop
enroll in the hairstyle channel to
girls bell to girls and now in
new channel you guys both asking for
for girls
I do not like the video there until the next
a kiss on the heart of each one of you
I really hope you liked it and bye
bye bombinha, I hope you have
liked
I like to sign up for a kiss.
bye